World Generator

World Generator function should be able to create a mapping of a fictional planet, complete with
1. An x and y coordinates for size 2. The depth 3. The biome 4. The difficulty level of the planet
5. The different rarities of loot found there and 6. The faction of enemies. I may obviously add to this
later on but this is a good start point in my opinion

- So we want to use a 7 digit seed. Initially I planned to use a 3:2:2 split. I moved this to a 3:4 split. This
based the layout on the seed which I wanted to do, then the factions uses the last 4. I ended up moving this way
because I wanted to base the difficulty off of how the layout was randomized rather than having it completely up to
chance from your seed

- So yes, the first 3 digits of the seed, which has to be converted from a string to a list of integers to use indexing,
this is used to iterate through some lists to choose each datapoint

- Then to get the loot we need the difficulty. That was straightforward in terms of setting apart the different
layout datapoints into categories. Each category would increment a count by an increasing amount based on how difficult
it should be. So larger areas or more hostile environments boosted the difficulty scaling. Which would result in better
loot being found alongside tougher enemies

- The difficulty score gets used in the loot function, using the difficulty score with different difficulty brackets
to return the difficulty and the loot rarities. That in itself took a little while to calculate, I picked the easy
ones first and essentially picked 5 percentages that add to 100 and decrease dramatically. Then I knew I'd want to
get close to reversing it so I had to calculate each step and decrease each loot rarity by a specific amount to
get it down evenly.

- Factions took a bit longer because it's a combination of difficulty and seeding. So the difficulty affects
certain factions showing up. I had an easy pool with only easy enemies, a normal pool with all types except the hardest,
a hard pool with only the harder types and including the hardest, then the hardest difficulty only has the hardest enemy
type. The seed here uses the last 4 digits, adds them up and uses modulo to pick which index to used in the list, and
that's the enemy that gets picked. In testing, there was a good spread of enemy types on each difficulty.